A1pr02_2 (#18)
jhudsl/ITN_computing_resources: index.Rmd

---
title: "**ITCR Scientific Software Resources**"
output:
  html_document
---
<br>
```{r, fig.align='center', fig.alt="Source: https://itcr.cancer.gov/", out.width="1540px", echo = FALSE}
knitr::include_graphics("resources/images/bannerITCR.png")
```

<style type="text/css">
  body{
  font-size: 12pt;
  line-height: 1.6;
  text-align: justify;
  text-justify: inter-word;
}
</style>

<br> 

### **Welcome!**

> This website for ITCR Scientific Software Resources contains a comprehensive list of the bioinformatics platforms (computing and data) that contain scientific software tools funded by **ITCR** *(Informatics Technology for Cancer Research)* grants.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website is intended to help cancer researchers find bioinformatics computing platforms and data resources, many of which are funded by the ITCR (Informatics Technology for Cancer Research) program of the NCI (National Cancer Institute). Please note that some of the information presented in these tables came from the [ITCR website](https://itcr.cancer.gov/informatics-tools).
```

Reviewer: @awanafiaz - you can commit suggestions from reviewers by pressing a button above if you would like to

Reviewer: note that if you do - you would want to use `git pull`  (or pull on GitKraken) to get the remote changes if you want to add more commits from your local machine

  - **Computing resource platforms** are web or cloud-based platforms that provide computational support to researchers including, but not limited to, analysis, visualization, storage, and computation of large-scale bioinformatics data sets while facilitating efficient workflow,  database management, wider collaboration,  reproducibility, and streamlined scientific communication.  
  

>   - **Data resource platforms** are remotely hosted sources of curated or collaborative bioinformatics data that researchers can access and utilize as required. The available data sets accommodate genomics, proteomics, imaging (cancel and radiology), as well as other types of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data resources** are remotely hosted sources of curated or collaborative bioinformatics data that researchers can access and utilize as required. The available data sets accommodate genomics, proteomics, imaging (histology and radiology), as well as other types of data.
```
